Intersting research questions:
The provision of healthcare is rapidly changing. Issues care providers face are not limited to the growing ageing population and health complexity, but also the puzzle of balancing institutional care and non-institutional-based care. This makes the different actors move forward to a collaborative model of production. Types of coordination and collaboration will have the impact on the social and technological sustainability of the system. This might need a 'better' strategic negotiation framework for service composition.

In parallel of the increasing life expectancy and living standard, digitalization in healthcare takes place. The extension of information technology raises individual healthcare applications to an higher level, namely the interconnected service network. However, one part remained unclear in this undergoing is whether the sustainable production of care is still possible with supplies and demands are balanced, as long as information flow and medical tracking systems are more frequenced in the network. Logistical science might be useful from the application perspective. The best way of implementing a reliable and good-quality care service can be supported by logistical methods, such as centralization, outsourcing and distributed management. When we review researches and practices, there is however no obvious a clear guideline that can comply different situations. 

For tackling engineering systems problems, a multi-agent-based model could benefit this realm. The multi-agent method is better than some analytical methods because it can explicitly model the logistical operations by muitiple dimensions, which are cognition, interconnection and intelligence. These model characteristics enable the multi-agent model to reproduce care operators, customers and coordinators. Such a multilayer social modelling and simulation enable the manipulation of existing policy frameworks and testing of policies. More importantly, it captures interactions that can not be defined on the individual level. In this proposal, a multi-agent model is to be developed for evaluation of different relationships between caregivers. This will identify the consequential impact on the entire healthcare ecosystem, and more importantly, helps the selection of logistical operations that makes the production of care in a responsible way.

This work direction could be a medical decision support system for a sustainable care service composition, and aims at developing a simulation-based tool focusing on the logistics and communications between caregivers. The practical implications are the expected responsibilities of different care givers, like what would be the contributions of hospital boards, clinics and local health centers, to foster the sustainable production of healthcare service provision in the digital era. As mentioned, the methodological part is currently foreseeable and built on an agent-based model, with an self-defined classes and libraries that encapsulate agent attributes. A simulation-based decision support shall enable understanding of determinants of a well-managed care delivery system, and the refinement of service composition in the favor of sustainable production. The paper proposed shall benefit academia how a care process could be properly modelled and the way of sustainable development could be reflected in model-based analysis. For implications of the reality, the work could also be part of the materials supporting the discussion among different hospitals if some service computations are needed.

Main contents include the followings 
1. Review of the communication used in care givers
Patient distribution and exchange between caregivers are mainly handled by patient transport. To the author’s knowledge, there are currently very few related studies in Swedish/Nordic contexts regarding its comprehensive engineering and appropriate governance considering the responsible production of cares. This means that deviations occur in operations quite often because of the lack of proper logistics management. One paper reviews that  ambulance diversion is a general challenge for many healthcare systems, and explores the hospital and regional efforts for reducing diversified emergency traffic [2]. Effects of reducing diversion could be achieved by properly managing the ED department or the regulations of beds and surgeries. A research emphasized the positive association of ambulance order volumes and the ageing population [3]. Based on a statistical analysis, the authors reported the peak year of ambulance missions and asked the corresponding section for necessary preparations, such as an improved location of working stations or introduction of a referral system. Some work also investigated the impact of upstream disclosure of ED(s) on ambulance diversion. 

2. Construction of the multi-agent-model for sustainable care production
The work aims for an agent system for identifying a model of sustainable care production. This includes the multi-agent-based simulation of care givers, extended based on a previous simulation model developed already from the author. The logic is like: the agent, representing a care giver, is exposed to the dynamic environment and capable of some autonomous decision makings for pursing the belief, desire or intention; the agents are to be constructed as rational for negotiation and sharing of resources; Then the interaction protocol of sending or receiving patients is enabled given the commitments and negotiations of care givers. We hope that in this pipeline, sustainable production model can then be more easily identified that balance the use of resources, and broaden our thinking on high-leverage interventions.

References
[1]	M. K. Delgado, L. Meng, M. Mercer, J. Pines, D. Owens, and G. Zaric, "Reducing Ambulance Diversion at the Hospital and Regional Levels: Systemic Review of Insights from Simulation Models" West. J. Emerg. Med., vol. 14, no. 5, pp. 489–498, Sep. 2013.
[2]	A. Hagihara, M. Hasegawa, Y. Hinohara, T. Abe, and M. Motoi, "The aging population and future demand for emergency ambulances in Japan" Intern. Emerg. Med., vol. 8, no. 5, pp. 431–437, Aug. 2013.
[3]	B. Sun and S. Asch, "Effects of Emergency Department Closures on Hospital Ambulance Diversion Hours, Los Angeles County 1998-2004" Ann. Emerg. Med., vol. 46, no. 3, Supplement, p. 119, Sep. 2005.


